TODO.md, before:

SCRIBING TODO
=============
- Toolbox is broken for table selection
- Support SHIFT+UP/DOWN to extend/enter cell range selection mode
- Enter/modify cell range selection mode using shift+mouse
- Cannot step out of empty markup
- Highlight corresponding markup tag
- Indicate when markup tag is unbalanced
- When extending selection to become a cell range and moving to the last column, exiting by ESC, then caret is frozen (not focused?)
- Emoji is duplicated when inserted?!
- Insert row
- Delete row
- Insert column
- Delete column
- Merge cells
- Split merged cell
- Resize column
- Arrow handler for moving between table cells
    Note: This must support spanning cells, and be able to discover when on last line.
    Also note: The same logic shall be used for moving cell selection.
- "Lookup table": Use script to select content from a table cell (to be shown instead of table)
- Insert external content
- Insert symbol
- Insert external component
- Image is flickering when inserted into a table cell and the cell is edited
- Next para variant is not working anymore
- Double click to select word is broken
- Cannot step out of multi-output template box
- Virtual element for image is not covering entire image. Toolbox is malplaced.
- Chrevron markup tags instead of rounded
- Change markup tag
- Markup attributes
- Empty markup tag
- Insert emoji by typing (using WIN+PERIOD) is broken
- Deleting all when there's a final para break, shall result in an empty document with a para break
- Inserting a dynamic text ("apa") at end of preamble in "Rich" story and then double clicking it to select it doesnt cause toolbox to appear. (selection is out-of-sync?)
- Cannot place caret after last "Void Script" in "Dynamic Text States" (trailing para)
- Client/server/proto
- Unify inline components: DynamicTextView, FlowIconView, LineBreakView?
- Fix pilcrow after full width flow box
- Fix insert content after full width flow box
- Cannot move down using arrow key when caret is placed before/inside inline box surrounded by text
- Double arrow is needed to move out of empty flow box
- Tool: Set list counter
- Tool: Set line height
- Tool: Set font size
- Tool: Set font family
- HOME/END keys doesn't work as expected
- Fix caret design when placed inside template.
- Fix actual caret selection when placed inside template. Click in template should allow edit.
- Custom component node. Script shall be used to apply component props. It shall be wrapped in an error boundary. MAYBE EVEN JSX in SCRIPTHOST?!
- Cannot select all and toggle spell check style when selection includes code (ambient spell check = false)
- Caret color is not correct when placed adjacent to flow image
- Provide feedback while creating flow image placeholder and in case that operation fail

LOWER PRIO
==========
- Copy plain text
- Paste plain text (convert to flow content - line breaks, paragraph breaks, lists?)
- Copy HTML
- Paste HTML
- When changing icon, select the current icon pack + tag and scroll it into view.
- Select/Edit custom flow icon
- Italic caret does not work. It needs to be inline with outline so that it doesn't mess with line breaking. But tranform requires inline-block...
- New interaction?: Open Topic
- ALT+ENTER shall open insert menu with keyboard focus
- New Ops: Wrap + Unwrap
- FlowVideo
- FlowAudio
- Escape to close menu, but not toolbox
- Double press CTRL + period shall select entire innermost flow box (press again to select next outer box)
- Hide toolbox arrow when selection includes para break
- Hide toolbox while typing?
- MultiFlowSelection
- Paratype: use actual name instead of "freezing"
- React jest snapshots for view comps
- Review react exports
- Unify interaction code in FlowButtonView and LinkView
- @validating should verify new.target in ctor
- XML name + attrs on flow box
- CTRL+PERIOD shall open contextual toolbar with keyboard navigation
- ScriptEditor + OpenUrlEditor must notify on size change and trigger popper update (useContext for this. must apply to both tool menu and tool tip)
- ScriptEditor: Improve error handling (do not report unexpected tokens that doesn't exist. handle empty expression better?)
- Maybe an icon in ScriptEditor/OpenUrlEditor to distinguish between what the input will do?
- MUI lib
- Small caps in text style
- Custom spellchecker
- FlowEditor classes prop
- FlowTheme vs EditorTheme
- FlowTypography (default is SYSTEM_FONT)
- Named para/text styles
- Show asset upload progress/error
- Copy image (idea, when selection is just an image, then we can copy it as image/png to clipboard)

Commit message:

fix toolbox for cell selection

TODO.md, after:

SCRIBING TODO
=============
- Support SHIFT+UP/DOWN to extend/enter cell range selection mode
- Enter/modify cell range selection mode using shift+mouse
- Cannot step out of empty markup
- Highlight corresponding markup tag
- Indicate when markup tag is unbalanced
- When escaping cell selection mode (by ESC key) then focus is not applied
- Emoji is duplicated when inserted?!
- Insert row
- Delete row
- Insert column
- Delete column
- Merge cells
- Split merged cell
- Resize column
- Arrow handler for moving between table cells
    Note: This must support spanning cells, and be able to discover when on last line.
    Also note: The same logic shall be used for moving cell selection.
- "Lookup table": Use script to select content from a table cell (to be shown instead of table)
- Insert external content
- Insert symbol
- Insert external component
- Image is flickering when inserted into a table cell and the cell is edited
- Next para variant is not working anymore
- Double click to select word is broken
- Cannot step out of multi-output template box
- Virtual element for image is not covering entire image. Toolbox is malplaced.
- Chrevron markup tags instead of rounded
- Change markup tag
- Markup attributes
- Empty markup tag
- Insert emoji by typing (using WIN+PERIOD) is broken
- Deleting all when there's a final para break, shall result in an empty document with a para break
- Inserting a dynamic text ("apa") at end of preamble in "Rich" story and then double clicking it to select it doesnt cause toolbox to appear. (selection is out-of-sync?)
- Cannot place caret after last "Void Script" in "Dynamic Text States" (trailing para)
- Client/server/proto
- Unify inline components: DynamicTextView, FlowIconView, LineBreakView?
- Fix pilcrow after full width flow box
- Fix insert content after full width flow box
- Cannot move down using arrow key when caret is placed before/inside inline box surrounded by text
- Double arrow is needed to move out of empty flow box
- Tool: Set list counter
- Tool: Set line height
- Tool: Set font size
- Tool: Set font family
- HOME/END keys doesn't work as expected
- Fix caret design when placed inside template.
- Fix actual caret selection when placed inside template. Click in template should allow edit.
- Custom component node. Script shall be used to apply component props. It shall be wrapped in an error boundary. MAYBE EVEN JSX in SCRIPTHOST?!
- Cannot select all and toggle spell check style when selection includes code (ambient spell check = false)
- Caret color is not correct when placed adjacent to flow image
- Provide feedback while creating flow image placeholder and in case that operation fail

LOWER PRIO
==========
- Copy plain text
- Paste plain text (convert to flow content - line breaks, paragraph breaks, lists?)
- Copy HTML
- Paste HTML
- When changing icon, select the current icon pack + tag and scroll it into view.
- Select/Edit custom flow icon
- Italic caret does not work. It needs to be inline with outline so that it doesn't mess with line breaking. But tranform requires inline-block...
- New interaction?: Open Topic
- ALT+ENTER shall open insert menu with keyboard focus
- New Ops: Wrap + Unwrap
- FlowVideo
- FlowAudio
- Escape to close menu, but not toolbox
- Double press CTRL + period shall select entire innermost flow box (press again to select next outer box)
- Hide toolbox arrow when selection includes para break
- Hide toolbox while typing?
- MultiFlowSelection
- Paratype: use actual name instead of "freezing"
- React jest snapshots for view comps
- Review react exports
- Unify interaction code in FlowButtonView and LinkView
- @validating should verify new.target in ctor
- XML name + attrs on flow box
- CTRL+PERIOD shall open contextual toolbar with keyboard navigation
- ScriptEditor + OpenUrlEditor must notify on size change and trigger popper update (useContext for this. must apply to both tool menu and tool tip)
- ScriptEditor: Improve error handling (do not report unexpected tokens that doesn't exist. handle empty expression better?)
- Maybe an icon in ScriptEditor/OpenUrlEditor to distinguish between what the input will do?
- MUI lib
- Small caps in text style
- Custom spellchecker
- FlowEditor classes prop
- FlowTheme vs EditorTheme
- FlowTypography (default is SYSTEM_FONT)
- Named para/text styles
- Show asset upload progress/error
- Copy image (idea, when selection is just an image, then we can copy it as image/png to clipboard)
